Hi guys and welcome to our next topic.
The flexible box module or just simply flex box since this flex box was designed as one dimensional
layout module to make our lives easier.
When it comes to spacing items in the row or in the column as an example would just fuel lines of code.
We can create nice evenly spaced no more place text in the center of the image horizontally and vertically.
Can you design your whole project with just using flex box.
Probably but it's safe to say that in that particular case using C as grid would make a little bit more
sense.
As a side note Sears says grid is going to be our next big topic.
Speaking of Sears says grid there is this idea that once Sears as grid arrived flex box is dead and
useless.
And even though I can speak only for myself it could not be further from the truth.
They both have their own use cases and in my opinion using Sears as grid for everything is more of a
fashion statement than anything else.
There are still certain layouts where I find myself reaching forces as flex box.
Even though it will be possible to use this as grid in order to make my workflow faster and easier.
Now let's address the elephant in the room.
The browser support for C assess flex box so if we had over 2 Can I use dot com.
We can see that at the time of this recording global support is almost ninety nine percent and ninety
seven percent when on prefixed.
Which in my opinion is just awesome.
Since all the major browsers supported and this is a CSF course I am only going to focus on the Flex
box syntax and the use cases not support for replacement for older browsers.
If that is something that you are interested in please use the rise other online resources.
As far as previous years ago during tutorial and the project I'm not going to type them out manually
because in my opinion it is confusing when you're just starting out with the flux bugs and also somewhat
unnecessary since there are tools that can do that for you at the end of the project.
I'm going to show you one of such tools a Visual Studio code extension by the name of our prefix.
Okay now that we know the basics let's kick things into gear and start working with assess flex box.